# FOTA
" EKM" F.O.T.A System- Our ITI graduation project.  -------------------------------------------------------  1- Description:      " EKM" Firmware over the air, FOTA, lets you :     a) Upload your firmware wirelessly(using custom bootloader)     b) Control more than one user application.     c) RESET Microcontroller wirelessly.  -----  2- Used microcontroller&amp; modules:     a) ARM cortex m4-based: STM32f446 (on NUCLEO-F446re board).      b) Bluetooth module HC-05.     c) LEDS for indication.  -----  3- Used IDEs:     a) ST Cube IDE: for MCU development.     b) CodeBlocks:  for 'Host' application.  -----  ==> More detailed description:  1- Task 1: Upload firmware wirelessly:  We have two apps connected via Bluetooth, 1st is a host app on Laptop and the 2nd is on the microcontroller which is called custom "Bootloader"  - A bootloader is a code program that is responsible for booting the MCU and controls FLASH memory APIs (R/W and erase).  - Now you can use host app on your PC to ask the bootloader to write on the FLASH memory(Burning your code).  ---  2- Task 2: Control more than one user application.  We used the benefit of FLASH sectors(defined by ST) to upload more than one application.  - Handling both linker script and startup code of each application we can use these info to burn each binary file and later to jump to whatever application desired.  ---  3- Task 3: c) RESET Microcontroller wirelessly: using bluetooth connection you can ask the processor during any running app on the MCU to jump to the first location at FLASH.
